# MDS, a multivariate microgrid dataset

[https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.fqz612jzb](https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.fqz612jzb)

This dataset contains power data collected from Mesa Del Sol microgrid located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The dataset includes measurements of voltage, power, frequency and temperature of different sensors and devices installed at the microgrid. This dataset contains 17 features and was collected over the past 13 months. The dataset is valuable for machine learning applications that can be used to improve the operation and management of microgrids. For example, the data could be used to train machine learning models to predict power outages or to optimise the microgrid's energy consumption.

<br>
## Description of the data and file structure

Dataset is divided into monthly CSV files.
Total number of csv files : 15 (1 file per month)
Data resolution: 10 Seconds
Total number of features: 17
Start date of data collection: 1st May, 2022
End date : 31st July, 2023

Each CSV file has following columns :

* Timestamp: The date and time of the measurement.
* Battery Active Power: The amount of power being generated by the battery.
* Battery Active Power Set Response: The response of the battery to a change in the set point.
* PVPCS Active Power: The amount of power being generated by the photovoltaic solar panels.
* GE Body Active Power: The amount of power being consumed by the GE body.
* GE Active Power: The total amount of power being consumed by the microgrid.
* GE Body Active Power Set Response: The response of the GE body to a change in the set point.
* FC Active Power (FC-end) Set: The set point for the FC active power.
* FC Active Power: The amount of power being generated by the fuel cell.
* FC Active Power (FC-end) Set Response: The response of the FC to a change in the set point.
* Island mode MCCB Active Power: The amount of power being consumed by the island mode MCCB.
* MG-LV-MSB AC Voltage: The AC voltage at the MG-LV-MSB bus.
* Receiving Point AC Voltage: The AC voltage at the receiving point.
* Island mode MCCB AC Voltage: The AC voltage at the island mode MCCB bus.
* Island mode MCCB Frequency: The frequency at the island mode MCCB bus.
* MG-LV-MSB Frequency: The frequency at the MG-LV-MSB bus.
* Inlet Temperature of Chilled Water: The temperature of the chilled water entering the chilled water plant.
* Outlet Temperature: The temperature of the chilled water leaving the chilled water plant.


Units/Format: 

* Timestamp: YYYY/MM/DD hh:mm:ss
* Battery Active Power: Kilowatts
* Battery Active Power Set Response: Kilowatts
* PVPCS Active Power: Kilowatts
* GE Body Active Power: Kilowatts
* GE Active Power: Kilowatts
* GE Body Active Power Set Response: Kilowatts
* FC Active Power (FC-end) Set: Kilowatts
* FC Active Power: Kilowatts
* FC Active Power (FC-end) Set Response: Kilowatts
* Island mode MCCB Active Power: Kilowatts
* MG-LV-MSB AC Voltage: Volts
* Receiving Point AC Voltage: Volts
* Island mode MCCB AC Voltage: Volts
* Island mode MCCB Frequency: Hertz
* MG-LV-MSB Frequency: Hertz
* Inlet Temperature of Chilled Water: Degree Celsius
* Outlet Temperature: Degree Celsius


<br>
